Short Answer:

Q 1. Both main memory and secondary storage are types of memory. Describe the differences between the two.
	A: Main memory is RAM, secondary storage is just your storage. I don't think I need to describe them.

Q 2. What is the difference between operating system software and application software?
	A: Operating systems are just the software the computer uses for you to use it
	   and application software is software you can use ontop of the operating system

Q 3. Indicate all the categories that the following operating systems belong to:
	System A: This system allows multiple users to run multiple programs simultaneously.
	System B: Only one user may access the system at a time, but multiple programs can be run simultaneously.
	System C: Only one user may access the system at a time, and only one program can be run on the 
	          system at a time.

	A: System A is a multi user and task system, system B is a single user but multi task system
	   system C is a single user and task system. 

Q 4. Why must programs written in a high-level language be translated into machine language before they can run?
	A: Because it can't execute source code

Q 5. Why is it easier to write a program in a high-level language than in machine language?
	A: Easier for people to read

Q 6. Explain the difference ebtween an object file and an exectuable file
	A: Object files contain machine code output, you can't run it unlike an executable file.

Q 7. What is the difference between a syntax error and a logical error? 
	A: Syntax errors won't let you compile while logical errors are errors with the code that makes it unusable

Fill-in-the-Blank

08. Computers can do many different jobs because they can be (programmed)
09. The job of the (CPU) is to fetch instructions, carry out the operations comanded by the instructions, and produce
    some outcome or resultant information.
10. Internally, the CPU consists of the (ALU) and the (control unit)
11. A (hard drive) is an example of a secondary storage device. 
12. The two general categories of software are (operating systems) and (application software)
13. A program is a set of (instructions)
14. Since computers can't be programmed in natural human language, algorithms must be written in a 
    (programming language)
15. (Machine language) is the only language computers really process
16. (High-level) languages are close to the level of humans in terms of readability
17. (Low-level) languages are close to the level of the computer
18. A programs ability to run on serveral types of computer systems is called (portability)
19. Words that have special meaning in a programming language are called (key-words)
20. Words or names defined by the programmer are called (programmer-defined symbols)
21. (Operators) are characters or symbols that perform operations on one or more operands.
22. (Punctuation) characters or symbols mark the beginning or ending of programming statements, or seperate
    items in a list.
23. The rules that must be followed when constructing a program are called (syntax)
24. A (variable) is a named storage location
25. A variable must be (defined) before it can be used in a program
26. The three primary activities of a program are (input, processing, and output)
27. (Input) is information a program gathers from the outside world
28. (Output) is information a program sends to the outside world
29. A (hierarchy-chart) is a diagram that graphically illustrates the structure of a program.

Skipping 30-32... 

Predict The Result

33. The variable x starts with the value 0
    The variable y starts with the value 5
    Add 1 to x
    Add 1 to y
    Add x and y and store the result in y
    Display the value in y on the screen
    -------- Y = 7

34. The variable j starts with the value 10
    The variable k starts with the value 2
    The variable l starts with the value 4
    Store the value of j times k in j
    Store the value of k times l in l
    Add j and l and store the result in k
    Display the value in k on the screen
    -------- K = 28

35. The variable a starts with the value 1
    The variable b starts with the value 10
    The variable c starts with the value 100
    The variable x starts with the value 0
    Store the value of c time 3 in x
    Add the value of b times 6 to the value already in x
    Add the value of a time 5 to the value already in x
    Display the value in x on the screen
    -------- X = 365
